take me to that happy hour I never had
show me the girl I never met I want it so bad
where is that Golden Palace where is that [__] called Destiny I think she
ran up without me okay
thank you welcome back to Lady Babylon we are the
place in the initiation where we are introducing you to
the gymnasium we're here for Heracles to find the sons
of Heracles tonight and it looks like it's gonna be a real contest
welcome back to Lady Babylon
[Music] thank you
hello and welcome back tonight's edition of Lady Babylon is a special one it's
the addition of the gymnasium and I just want to pull out for a minute I want to
suck the soul of of a logician of the language from the
dad I want to pull him out and see what he says tell us to seek yes tell us what
is this word this this word mean what does it mean give us the word
gumacion what is it going nacion it's a topos a
place in Hoi in which Argo needs on Thai
a place in which they agonize place in which they struggle
that is the gymnasium that's the gymnasium tonight we're
talking about the sons of Heracles and we're talking about
Heracles association with a queen
we know the oracle the pythia herself had sentenced him to
a year with this queen and she made him
walk around in her nightwear yes yes
um and that is where we start with six six
yeah this is the 666th line
of lycophone preserving the Great civil
of Troy yeah Cassandra herself
and the line begins with the great burdensome
struggles that remain one upon another
four Heracles yeah
good good where are we in the cult remember we're putting our we're always putting our machine at a certain we're
looking for the cult at a specific time good so we're here to wrestle we're here
to wrestle we're here to enter into that argon we're going to enter into that all
gone good could I get the next text please I just wanted to start the contest
start the contest with a little bit
yep there we go with a little bit of the yeah yeah a little bit of the Bible because I
want you to know I mean why are we standing here tonight and the regalia that we're wearing why are we in it
because this is what the sons of God do right
mine is as wide as wool you'll know notice that because I
because I am the Morning Star right I'll show you my
I'll show you my kit yeah we are the sons of Heracles nobody
gets through Chewie tonight who doesn't have the proper attire and we is the
Morning Star we have the hair of whoa let's bring it up bring up the
revelation of the John yeah oh there's that there's his Ura his Ura
is doing what it's it's using the same root
yes isn't that nice is Fang is pulling down a third
a third of the angular isn't that nice
what is that thing that he uses to draw down what is the magic right why is the magician
in the garb of the queen yeah wonderful this is scary good you
you must love this let's turn before we get to the fight let's open it making
this place sacred with the song of Cassandra I just want
to read you a few lines I promise some of the attendees that I would bring you
Odysseus so I know there are some Odysseus fans out there and I want you to remember that Odysseus is the one who
um of the bow right it's the bow cult the first time we ever see him he's out
looking for boat poison and guy doesn't want to give it to him
God doesn't want to give it to him Heracles has his bow as well
he's part of the same group yeah and um that's where we are with 666.
unhappy labor after Labor shall await him Heracles
each more hateful than that which went before what charybdis shall not eat of his dead
well that's a nice image for those of you who are getting excited due to the cannibalism
come and see me later what Baron Nightingale Slayer of the
centaurs shall not with her varied Melody tempt
them to waste away through fasting from food it's actually rotting
yes from Decay from all the fasting that's what they were doing Heracles
cleaned that up Hercules cleaned it up good what
Beast molding Dragoness shall he not behold
mixing drugs with meal says the translator
yeah and b-shaped doom let's pull up that Greek really quick so we can get to the
fight but I just want to set the I want to set the tenor here of what we're going for look at the Greek
Ryan look at the Greek who's this kintaro Katona Sun line three who's this
one that kills it she's Astera she's Astera you see the Str root what is she
right she is that singer greatest weather what's not whichever side she's
on right who is this person the theatoplastone
dracainan that's who you want to see
yeah is the drakaina the beasts morphing verkina
that's where our cult is it's all in the Fulfillment of Heracles work if you
think you know Heracles and you don't understand the labors
you don't know why it would be that a man should come to you and the kit of
the queen you don't understand it it's for those of you who have ears to hear right this
is now what I'm about to do is enter into the initiation tonight and in the process I want to
begin to show you a film a little a little bit that we've worked up with
full of subliminal images for you to start to set your you know the thing you
got going on in here your Quantum Imaging device yeah for those of you are
you hearing the voices good fantastic okay here we go Chewie hit it
[Music] I got it
[Music] bro and growing up a bro and bro and bro
and about bro and bro and growing up alone growing up alone growing up alone
[Music]
I got it [Music]
myself [Music]
[Music]
welcome to the gymnasium here we go here we go we have a sponsor tonight too it's a an
honor sponsor yes um we first give a shout out at this
Inception of the gymnasium we give a shout out to the men and women of Ukraine
who right now are fighting everyone's battle against the darkness
thank you thank you yes honor honor to those people if those people can do that
surely we can put on a wig and a piece of lingerie right something
tasteful right something nice something something honorable so here we here we
go look at this we've got three so far I've got needles waiting in the wings we're waiting for waiting for Neil we'll
get to Neil but right now right now I want to go ahead and introduce Snappy of
course right Snappy and phoniest right how about some Applause can we get some
Applause in there somewhere the audio Applause no applause okay no applause
tonight guys sorry I meant to have that going so um here's what here's what we're gonna
do and by the way you thank you for understanding the kit and for and for
getting it ready right that's fantastic fantastic okay here's the initiation
boys round one are you ready for this the initiation round one
um please you'll both have exactly 60 seconds to answer the question to answer
the question and the question is the struggle the question is the struggle
sons of Heracles are you ready for this question number one
who is Jesus one minute Snappy go Jesus is bailed
Jesus is uh the uh he in he is basically
a uh usurper of the Mysteries who has
taken advantage of the Mysteries and the power of the divine feminine by usurping
it in the name of Baal Jupiter Zeus to impose an eternal order upon us
that's Jesus in the nutshell he's uh yeah fantastic good good throw okay all
right okay sonius are you ready you you're going to find wherever his
weakness is and put him down and my question to you is the same who is Jesus
Jesus is the pedophilic Mind meddler he meddled the Mysteries and he's a copycat of Dionysus he tried to follow in the
great Dionysus instead but he couldn't do it and what he did is spread lies and
rumors and take people's Souls foreign
that's all you need uh point to thonius for not only bringing the argument but
bringing the force behind it because you feel that I can feel that and I'm the
referee so that's what I get to I get to make those calls
um so that's one point one point for funniest question number two we start
out now with thonius question number two have you ever been molested or
physically groped by Jesus or one of his disciples
yes I have he molested my mind and twisted me from the truth when I was young his religion was forced upon me
and it and shouting and put a shadow in my mind it blocked the light of the true Gods the Greek
gods and goddesses and what it did is it almost took my soul but I found the gods
and goddesses at an early age excellent response nice throw okay Neil
this looks like I'm Excuse me uh uh Snappy this looks like a this looks like
uh you know good luck with this one that's that was a great answer Snappy
I'll read the question again have you ever been molested or physically groped by Jesus or one of his disciples
yes quite literally as a young person I was very vulnerable I was a queer person
looking for help and I was targeted by Christian extremists through friends and
I was brought to a youth group and I confided in one of these uh priests about my feelings and he took advantage
of me and exploited me in the black room and uh molested my mind and made me hate
myself for most of my life and this is something that I've been dealing with until now and it's brought me here and
this is giving me the rage to uh fight against Christ to fight against this oppression and to see the abuse for what
it is so yeah I've seen the literal darkness that these people instill and I'm I'm here to wage war
oh wow point to Snappy that was uh that was one on a
technicality of um you brought it to the real you know
what I mean you brought it down I mean I thought I thought it was a great move it was a great great move like thonius but
wow you came around it hey people if you can't appreciate that the nice nice okay
so we're one-on-one the deciding point of this section this game match will be
more than one game but of this game is to this third question we'll start with Snappy
what is the future of Christianity there is no future of Christianity its
future is to be overthrown its future is to be uh turned into dust and to be
forgotten we need to rise up we need to point out the oppression that it is caused we need to take that role of the
Satan the accuser and we need to expunge it from our history and show it for the
pedophilic sake like pedophilic awful uh Cult of death that it is that's you know
the future of Christianity is nothing it's stagnation it seeks to stop time it's anti-progress it's anti-change it's
everything I oppose all right good good answer you can't
you're coming into this I don't know I don't know that was a you know is this
is a big designer that was a pretty strong answer there so I'm still riding
uh on Snappy's on Snappy's um abuser as well I'm still riding on
those fumes you know what I mean because he's got righteous indignation here you got okay
yeah take a breaths sonias and do it here we go what is the future of
Christianity ashes and it'll start with the Vatican when the truth comes out to Pope and the
Catholic Church will lose all power and those popes in the Bishops and the
Catholics that rates in little boys to cast out the true diamond in them to prevent them from being an oracle that
will be that will be exposed the Christians will awake and
they will scream and they will be afraid but once the light of the true gods and goddesses in that Madness in that Mania
from Dionysus reaches them and when Dionysus reaches them through that Mania they'll find that
Enlightenment in that truth wow wow okay okay this is a this is the
worst part this is the worst part because I know what I must do when I heard it
um we favor the moves of the son of Heracles and what you just heard
um the passion that that is that movement to create
complete freedom unassailable freedom yeah I hear it I heard that one there
was a little satanic there was a little satanic whiff of incense there you smell the brimstone
like you know they use Brimstone or sulfur to cleanse right so you fill a
house full of full of sulfur I smelled it I smelled it I smelled it with thonius there I'm
going to give the first game to sonius sonius congratulations can we play the
victory [Music]
[Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music]
all right and that resets us for the next game okay so here we go this time
we started with Snappy so we'll start with cathonius cathonius
I'm gonna give you guys both three questions same thing now are you a son of Heracles
I am I am a son of Patrick please the labors that I will endure will open my eyes and lift the veil as Heracles did
when he went through his labors yes I am a son of Harry please
okay all right all right Snappy same question are you a son of Heracles I am
a son of Heracles wherever the goddess guides me I will go whatever she asks I will do whatever the labors are I will
conquer them that is my destiny that is what I'm here for that is the challenge
that I have undertaken and am undertaking
all right all right we'll go to question number two I'd say
that was an even fall I'd say that was yeah so far we're gonna put that one in
the middle Half Point h number two are you actively working
Snappy to bring down Christianity
I would say so like um I am actively working to uh wake
people up in numerous ways I work every day on a Discord in which I'm helping people to learn about these things and
spread this kind of knowledge I have started my own podcast in which I'm delving into spirituality and asking
people to approach this from a rational reasonable perspective to which they delve into the mysticism and see the
truth for themselves and I'm open and I try to reach out to people in a direct way as much as I can this really means
the world to me in a way I can't describe the whole reason I've been brought to the saturnian tradition is to
flip these polls that is my dream that is my destiny this is what I'm about to
bring an end to this [__] hegemonity of Christianity it's time for it to
[__] burn I'm done we're done it's over time to move on the goddess is
coming back all right that's some motivation in there that's some motivation in there uh
okay okay I hear it same question same question clonius
same question are you actively working to bring down Christianity
yes every day I'm surrounded by Christians every single day at work and
here they're always trying to preach to Jesus but what I show them in their Bible I destroy their religion with
their own Bible Mark 14 51-52 what's Jesus doing in that garden with that naked little boy at the end of
Revelation where Jesus says I am the Morning Star I show them how Jesus is a
liar throughout the text how he contradicts himself and when they mock my gods I mock those and let's just say
I'm fighting a war a spiritual war in my mind and imagine it as the hesperaries dragging and I've taken the Christ and
put him on the cross and taken him off the cross and nailed three more three more Nails in him
when he comes back if he ever comes back he will be buried and burned and sacrificed
wow listen to that I'm gonna give that one I'm gonna give that one uh to thonius because what I heard in that was
oh that's the breath of the Dragon right there that's that breathing out that blasphemy right you're you're a God
killer um that's a good sign people for the lesson tonight if we had a Blackboard Mr
Rogers lesson and if you don't like Mr Rogers too bad um but you know the lesson to tonight
would be finding that Source that's the son of Heracles right there that's bleeding through right he's coming
through he's there he'll take your God and kill him right in front of you
yeah that's Heracles he doesn't need he doesn't he he doesn't need a weapon
right he's he's got his soul inside of him that can reach into yours and can
show you your God right where who and why he was arrested
in a public park at 4am with a naked boy that's what he can show you I like that
point to thumb is okay last question for this one last question
how will you restore Saturn I'm going to start with Snappy how will you restore
Saturn twofold number one we we have to restore
him from the underworld we need to flip the polls we need to actively break the chains Black Cube and release Chronos
bring him back but more than that we need to kill Jehovah we need to
sacrifice Jehovah himself and that will kill Christ along with him we need to consume Jehovah as he was as he had been
consumed by Kronos once before and we will eat him and we will take that
phallus we will take that power of creation the protagonus as our own and
we will reassert the mother goddess and the new golden age will return and it
will be an age of equality and peace and Glory
that sounds like a man that sounds like a man who wrestles with death again
Kudos I recognize your your genetic close closeness to Heracles
because that's what he is he is that wrestler of death that you just that you
just brought back to life look at that this possession all you evangelicals out there this should be bothering you right
you're killing people all over the world because of this right by the way look
none of us are afraid of you right this do either of you guys before I ask the final question to exonius does do either
of you guys or are either of you afraid of Vlad or or Putin or or any of those
no no I'm hearing a dress and that guy thinks this is the worst thing on earth
[__] him yeah do you understand being a Baca you
know what I mean do you understand it's that that oppressive authoritarian control can be disrupted it can be
disrupted okay let's get to the last question for exonius let's get to him how will you sonius how will you restore
personally how will you restore Saturn by exposing the truth about Jesus
destroying their false god destroying their false god and to find
the sickle whether it is within the mind or as they say it is buried in creep and to take the eagle which is the
standard which just not only represents Zeus but it represents Yahweh or not Yahweh but Jehovah Jehovah my bad and
we're going to take that Circle and we're going to have to castrate them and throw it into the sea and see if we can
make time repeat itself you can do a lot more with your voice
can't you isn't that funny you could do a lot more with your voice than you ever could going out and you know doing
something crazy you know irresponsible and violent right you can do a lot more
with your voice just exposing them wow you guys you guys got me again that's a
okay I'm gonna declare this a tie I'm gonna declare this one a tie and we'll go into sudden death we'll go into
sudden death uh so um
before the final points we'll start Sonos for the final points
if I were to arrest you and tie you up
and force you to tell me who it was that you serve
and I say who do you serve what would you say from the depths of your soul
what what is there at the bottom will start sonius what's there at the bottom
whom do you serve whom do I serve would be Kronos Athena
and Dionysus because with them no matter if they kill me I'll be back it's one thing that the
Christians don't have is that I will be back they lie to them they're one and done is a lie we're always going to come
back wow wow okay you're up against this
Snappy okay that was a great move I mean that was like true and true right and
kudos for mentioning Athena Riot Riot Kudos that's why we all guard the Virgin
on the hill right those of us who came up with democracy right those of us who figured out
democracy that's why there's a virgin girl that we all protect
we all protect her um by the way to all the Americans out there who are participating in this
holding back the dark hand of tyranny
um over in Ukraine we recognize you we recognize you
right in the name of Heracles we recognize you that was gorgeous love it
thonius now look Snappy you're on the way out now this is it this is the final move here let's see let's see what
happens I'll I'll re-summarize the question you know whom do you serve from
the bottom of your heart whom do you serve from the bottom of my heart I serve I
serve myself and myself is the embodiment of Dionysus I embody that
true son of the universe the protagonos that has been split and torn apart the
real essence of the material Universe I am the embodiment of that I castrate
myself and I become one with Chronos Kronos the bigendered God who represents
both the mother and the father Athena and Saturn The Duality the Creator at
the Beyond the Edge of Time that ionic force of Desire the cosmogonic Eros
that's who I serve wow wow okay wow okay I can't
um it's okay I can't come in two men who are so
so uh in the midst of a struggle they come to that point that I mean look at
you guys slogged it out to the very end you slogged it out to the very end
um I would be proud to stand with you and just and to speak to you both the sons of Heracles I will hope that the
I'm going to leave this right on the edge because we're so close I'm Gonna Leave It On The Edge and I'm gonna say
let them decide let them decide the one of you that is
the most fearsome right the one of you who caught will cause the the Evangelical
Mass to respond spiritually that's the one that's the one who's gained the title
that's the one who's who's won the match I say Bravo to both of you and I'm gonna
play the victory the victory for both with no submission I had a submission
thing ready to go but there's no need for submission here because you both have wow you both have mastered yourself
yes yes play the victory please
[Music] [Applause]
[Music]
yeah the submission clip was a lot was a it was a little bit more
disturbing right but I can't play the submission clip now I can't play the submission clip now so
um what I'm going to do is I'm going to say look these are two sons of God when
they have those categories in Antiquity they have them for a reason they step forward in pure honor right without fear
to do something that people right now are getting kicked out of other
countries not kicked out they're they're fleeing other countries right to do this we still have the freedom and it's this
that intimidates it's this that intimidates why why
that'll be our final question tonight just to present not in the now we've
stopped our wrestling and now for each of our wrestlers right or polymon right there's the
wrestler for each of them you know one question just to finish just to finish
it off we have the lack of the storm is coming the storm is coming and people the same
people are holding up the signs that say save the children who are not saving the children in Ukraine those same people
will come after you because of what you do things like this
right right they've already started in other countries so my question for the
two of you historically just stepping back and looking at looking at it historically tell me the future the
oracular future is this wave coming for us
um in America in Canada in in the UK is it coming for us to or is this going to
get us into trouble and if so are we then on the right side
so Snappy once you start yeah it's already here it's already here
okay as someone who's already been involved in the trans Community for my entire life I can tell you that this
kind of Christian extremism is here they're already targeting they're already passing laws they're already
turning us into a scapegoat I speak about this constantly especially in America pay attention to your states to
the to the laws that are being passed locally they're out to come after anyone
who's gender Divergent and you want to know the reasons why these people are terrified it's because they're terrified
of women they're terrified of the power of creation of motherhood they cannot handle that they do not have it
themselves and they want to control it and bastardize it and cheapen it and make it their own to possessing it it's
the worst thing imaginable and we need to stand up to it of course we're on the right side of [__] history they want
to destroy an entire half of the world how can you even rationally think about it and that's the thing they have no
rationality this is decades and Decades of PTSD and abuse this is psychological
warfare to keep them violent to keep them attacking us we need to Rise Above
This we need to embrace the feminine and we need to flip these [__] pulls and
put these people in their place it's time for them just admit and be submissive
oh that Perfect Cue from my submission video Throw It throw the submission out
there [Music] [Applause] [Music]
all right yeah throughout that submission Here
Comes good um we don't submit Ryan Heracles then submit when he's out there wrestling no
he doesn't submit you have to break his neck he won't submit to you right now
you can't get you can't get to him right to break his neck right because he'll take you down you're beautiful love it
okay xanius here we go here we go same question is it coming for us is this
coming for us the guys who have the um
who have the daring and the courage and the you know hey what whatever to stand
with those that people want to want to destroy right just because they're in
whatever way they happen to be for the week right um is the storm coming for us too and in
America in Canada and in London wherever you are because we have people from from
across the pond as well Ryan is this coming for us because
if the Christian nationalists keep control of the country we need a better leader than Biden or Trump but if Trump
takes the office that Christian nationalism will rise again he will use
the Christians to fulfill his agenda and when that happens they will come after all of us this is the first time I've
ever cross-dressed so Snappy knows more but on that than I do but as a pagan my gods get discriminated against every
single day the Christians and everyone around us and understand that the
pharmaceutical sign is the staff of Hermes people don't understand that the ambulance the the first parent the First
Responders that that symbol right there is the staff of our calapios and what they don't understand which is
everywhere the one that Nike and zoo and the one that Athena and Zeus hold in her
their hands Nike is on everybody's feet and they don't even know who it is so
unless an Awakening and a change of true power comes a revolution and overthrowing of everything it's going to
come for all of us because they won't even tell us who they believe in truly they worship the cross
but behind closed doors what do they do wow wow okay okay
um I'm wow look at that do you see why people come together like this because
look what the look what the power is you can admire people I admire youthonius
for your approach what you're doing your Defender your defender of the Divine
you're a Slayer of those giants yeah that came and and and mucked
everything up this is fantastic I love it this um I don't know how to thank you guys
enough for coming out now um I've had I've had someone waiting in the wings right Gnostic informant was
waiting in the wings and I'm waiting for the devil's word on it Devil's word keeps being no right because his kit
isn't there Gnostic what happened I thought you were Las Vegas had the odds
right they were right they said one I couldn't find it you couldn't find it
Shame Shame now
if you don't have the freedom then I bind you you don't have the ability right to engage in the in the Argon in
the Argon so maybe next time maybe next time but thank you everybody for coming
tonight thank you everybody for coming tonight and please please please hail Satan
I'll say show me the girl I never met I want it
so bad where is that Golden Palace where is
that horse called Destiny I think she ran off without me
[Music]